Add DDP tutorial series (video) (#2049)
pytorch/tutorials: beginner_source/ddp_series_intro.rst

training <../intermediate/ddp_multinode.html>`__ \|\| `mingpt training <../intermediate/ddp_minGPT.html>`__

Distributed Data Parallel in PyTorch - Video Tutorials
======================================================

Authors: `Suraj Subramanian <https://github.com/suraj813>`__

.. raw:: html

   <div style="margin-top:10px; margin-bottom:10px;">
     <iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/-K3bZYHYHEA" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture" allowfullscreen></iframe>
   </div>

This series of video tutorials walks you through distributed training in
PyTorch via DDP.

The series starts with a simple non-distributed training job, and ends
with deploying a training job across several machines in a cluster.
Along the way, you will also learn about
`torchrun <https://pytorch.org/docs/stable/elastic/run.html>`__ for
fault-tolerant distributed training.

The tutorial assumes a basic familiarity with model training in PyTorch.

Running the code
----------------

You will need multiple CUDA GPUs to run the tutorial code. Typically
this can be done on a cloud instance with multiple GPUs (the tutorials

> use an AWS p3 instance with 4 GPUs).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
use an Amazon EC2 P3 instance with 4 GPUs).
```
